[12.0][IMP] web_pwa_oca: Drop BeforeInstallPrompt (#1759)
OCA/web: web_pwa_oca/README.rst

To use your PWA:

#. Open the Odoo web app using a supported browser (See https://caniuse.com/?search=A2HS)
#. Open the browser options
#. Click on 'Add to Home screen' (or 'Install' in other browsers)

> ** Maybe you need refresh the page to load the service worker after use 'add to home screen'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Maybe you need refresh the page to load the service worker after using the option.
```

To use your PWA:

> #. Open the Odoo web app using a supported browser (like Chrome/Chromium)

Reviewer 2: Or Firefox.
